ah
Hate
Hello
what are you doing
our marriage
Please be kind
think about it
Hello
drive
what to consider
Willing to admit defeat
Please open the door quickly
open the door
Hello
I'm convinced
Xiaoqing
What
Your mother is critically ill
I'll come right away
go
Five hundred thousand medical expenses
Pay money first and then save people
doctor
Save people first
I beg you
You think I am
philanthropic
Five hundred thousand medical expenses
One less
I'll pull out your motherfucker
Ventilator
wrong
I'm not talented
Top it up by half a million?
Xu Qing
I asked you to find it for me
half a million
Where have you gone?
elder brother
Xu Hai
is it you
Give me what my mother earned
I spent the medical expenses
Just a dead old woman
Flowers are spent
Stop talking nonsense
Five hundred thousand, hurry up
bring it to me
Brother Hai
This is it
You're the one who sells your body
Making money is cute
Sister
As soon as I thought of this
My cosmetics
Bao ah
It's all this person
earned
I feel sick
You pay for our mother’s medical expenses
Use it to raise a woman